docs(README): add info about sql command (#5048)
dolthub/dolt: README.md

% cd dolt
```

> Any databases you create will be stored in this directory. So, for this example, a directory named `getting_started` will be created here once you run later the sql command `create database getting_started;` in a SQL shell (see section [Create a schema](#create-a-schema)). Navigating to `~/dolt/getting_started` will then allow you to access this database using the Dolt command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any databases you create will be stored in this directory. So, for this example, a directory named `getting_started` will be created here later in this walkthrough, after you run `create database getting_started;` in a SQL shell (see section [Create a schema](#create-a-schema)). Navigating to `~/dolt/getting_started` will then allow you to access this database using the Dolt command line.
```
